Correct false word usage (#25402)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/string/index.md

Or you can use the backslash character (`\`) at the end of each line to
indicate that the string will continue on the next line. Make sure there is no space or

> any other character after the backslash (except for a line break), or has an indent;
> otherwise it will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any other character after the backslash (except for a line break), otherwise it will not work. If the next line is indented, the extra spaces will also be present in the string's value
```

Author: Yes, I think that is even clearer.
